All right, so let's set up this push webhook from our code repository to set up the webhook.
You need to go to the Jenkins dashboard and copy the URL.
Then go to your Kubernetes code repository, click settings, and then select Webhook.
Click add webhook and then give the URL of the Jenkins.
And then you have to add GitHub, dash, webhook, front slash at the end.
This part is important.
If you don't give the front class or this GitHub webhook, it is not going to work under content type,
select application, slash JSON and then select just the push event, click, add webhook.
And now you have to go back to the Jenkins job and tell that triggered that job any time it receives
a webhook.
So go to our build image Jenkins job.
Click configure and then select GitHub hook trigger for Git ACM Pulling Click Save.
All right, everything is set up now.
It should be zero touch.
So let's go to our application code and change something.
I changed the halacha to please subscribe, like and comment on this video.
Thank you.
Let us go down and click Commit changes now.
This should automatically trigger the build image using the webhook.
There you go.
This job got triggered.
It built the image.
Now it's pushing the image.
Now it's triggering the object manifest.
So let's go to the object.
Manifest job.
All right.
This job also got triggered.
All right, this job is complete.
So if we go back to our Docker hub, refresh this.
Now we have a new Docker image with the tag three.
Number two is skipped because I tested with number two before recording this video.
And if we go to the deployment file, this should have the new tag as well.
Here you go.
Test colon three.
Now let's go back to our Argo CD.
This should update as well.
And by the way, you can have different views.
You can have this Kubernetes object view or the network flow view.
I prefer this view.
All right.
Our Argo City detected something changed.
It's terminating the old parts and creating the new pods.
So if I hover my mouse, you can see created the new pods with the tag three and it's terminating the
old pods with tag one.
If we go to our cubes, it'll terminal.
If we run cubes, it'll get pods.
You can see the older pods are terminating and new pods are coming up.
Let's refresh the application page.
Let's refresh this page.
All right.
As expected, the Kubernetes load balancer service is pointing to the updated Docker image with the
updated code.